This is so exciting, Pumpkin. Everybody is here. So I want you to smile and try to pay attention. Don't daydream. You look so handsome. Here's your discus. Are you ready? Let's go, sweetheart. Pumpkin - Meu namorado Pumpkin - Carolyn, yes. Courtney, Anne Chung, yes. Carolyn, an emphatic yes, yes, yes! Bye. My God, Julie. Our first day under your presidency. Guess what, Carolyn? We are gonna beat those Tri Omegas for Sorority of the Year. Look at them, those mastodons. There isn't one under 5'8". But, Julie, how on earth will we beat them? They've won SOY for 22 straight years. We have the best girls coming in for rush... ...our formal is with the Kappa House... ...and the coup of all coups... ...I chose a killer charity. The Challenged Games. We're going to be helping a lot of special people this semester. My God, that's great. We will beat the Tri Omegas. - Hello. - Hello, Mom? I made it safe. What a relief. Dad waited for the call. He's setting off now. I hope Dad breaks par. Carolyn sweetie... ...you've got to be careful this year. I read in the newspaper... ...how they're letting all these people in from God knows where. Kent! No boys above the first floor. I gotta go, Mom. Hey, just one minute. No boys on the grounds during rush... ...or above the first floor ever. Thank you. Off, boys! Yes, you. Thank you. Thank you, jungle dancers... ...and thank you especially, Carolyn McDuffy. You rushees have just witnessed AO Pi perfection. And now you are going to taste AO Pi perfection... ...in the shape of hot sausages... ...of all sizes and ethnicities... ...barbecuing succulently in our backyard... ...to which you should all repair immediately. Look who we're about to snag. Merle Fenza, 5'7" and a half... ...1,600 on her SATs... ...and her father is the CEO of something. I forget what, but it's big. Very big. She's our blue chip. Over there we have what I call our diversity girls. Just what the Greek Council was ordered to consider this year. Loquata Jefferson. I think she's the spitting image of Whitney Houston. Next to her is Fidelia Lagos... ...a Filipina, indeed... ...yet with really light skin and cute Caucasian features. No offense, Anne Chung. None at all. She's just as cute as a bug's ear. You should be very proud, Julie. We all should be proud. Our spirit this year, Carolyn, you've really been a catalyst for this... ...has been convincing. We are gonna out-recruit those Tri Omegas. Go on, Carolyn, tell her. Tell Julie what we've been talking about. What is it, Carolyn? We have no secrets between us. Jeanine and I wanna beat the Tri Omegas for SOY... ...as badly as any girl in the house. It's just... Go on, Carolyn, you promised. Jeanine and I don't think the charity you've chosen is quite right. What do you mean? We don't think it's appropriate... ...to bring those challenged people on campus... ...right out in the open like that. They're really different. And Jeanine and I don't think that's the image AO Pi should convey. My God. I certainly didn't expect this from you, Carolyn. What next, Carolyn and Jeanine? You'll get rid of our Filipina and the black girl and me before we graduate. No, Anne Chung. You misunderstand. That's not what Jeanine and I meant at all. Don't be so PC. You have no idea what these people are like. I have this cousin, Vince... I can't believe that I am hearing this from a sister. What kind of people are you? Let's go down to our rushees. I'm gonna forget I ever heard this. You two... ...have got a lot of serious thinking to do. Trust me, Julie could care less about those unfortunates. And I want no part of it. Jeanine, Tri Omegas. Don't even look at them. Pretend they don't exist. And for God's sake, none of your tirades. That's exactly what they want. Hi, Carolyn. Hi, Jeanine. Cute hair, Carolyn. Formidable. Comme il faut! How's that tennis star hunk of yours, Kent? Still together? Cute shoes, Jeanine. They make your feet look really petite. Why don't you girls just cut the crap and tell us what you're trying to say. Your Julie is certainly going all out to try to displace us at the top of the heap. What rushees. Diversity plus. That little Filipina girl is just darling. Feliz Navidad? Rumor has it you girls have her in the bag. That's not her name and you know it. And your charity. I thought ours was rough. Safe Sex in the Public Schools. But you girls are making quite a commitment. I hear those kind of people are very easily aroused. I certainly hope that you girls take the proper precautions. Did you hear that? They make my blood boil. We have to beat the Tri Omegas for SOY. Whatever it takes. Hi, Carolyn. Welcome back. I had a terrible summer. I bet yours was perfect. Sorry, Cici. Mine was pretty good. See you in poetry class. At times like this, I think you're lucky, Cici... ...that no house chose you. Dates may be harder to come by. But if you only knew what we have to do... ...just to satisfy everybody. Okay, girls, each of you have been assigned a specific challenged athlete. Here are their photographs... ...with a short description of their abilities on the back. Get to know them, please. Casey Whitner. He doesn't look so bad. Who's yours, Carolyn? Pumpkin. Pumpkin Romanoff. What kind of a name is Pumpkin? Mr. Wohlfert. Yeah. Does mine have a real name? 'Cause I can't call somebody Pumpkin. Why don't you ask him what he wants to be called? They can understand. Okay. They're coming, they're coming. Come on, girls. Smile. Smile and greet them. Do something. I'm sorry, Casey. I'm really sorry. It's not your fault. It's not mine. It's the system! Jeanine! Jeanine, come back! The Greek Council judges are coming! Okay. That's how they say you're supposed to do it. Why don't you try? Do you do it from the chair... ...or are you supposed to stand? 'Cause it says on your photo... ...that you can stand. And you can talk, too. So I don't really know what's going on. What are you trying to tell me? Carolyn. Julie? Mr. Wohlfert? Okay, good. Good. Now throw it, just like I showed you. Great job, Carolyn. You're a natural. No, I don't think... What? Why did you do that? I don't wanna talk about it. Who's that? That's Pumpkin, my challenged athlete. He doesn't look so bad. He's kind of cute. He kept trying to tell me something. I can't stand him looking at me when you touch me. You are being a big baby. These people are just like you and me. God just chose for them to be different. Your life's been too perfect. Everything can't be that way for everyone. You have no idea how horrible it was out there today. The way he looked at me. Jesus Christ! You cannot let this stupid sorority competition... ...ruin your life, Carolyn. "Sister Alpha, sister Omega "Sister Pi, Pi, Pi "Joining hands and joining voices "Singing songs to the sky, sky, sky "We are sisters, we have hope "And we strive together high, high, high "Joining hands and joining voices "Singing songs to the sky, sky, sky" Carolyn, you're not yourself. What happened to our most enthusiastic sister? If this goes on, we're gonna lose those rushees. My name is Robert Meary. I'm a poet, not a professor. And this is not a class, even though I supposedly teach here. No, this is a class. And I'm taking it to get credit in order to graduate. This is a poetry workshop. And you'll get your stupid credit. Take all your chairs and put them in a circle. You can't teach anyone how to write poetry. It has to come from your experience... ...from your insides. Listen, babe... ...I could show you great poems which you will begin by imitating. If you have some talent... ...you might write a decent poem by the end of the semester. What do you do if everything inside you is ugly? Your life may be ugly, kid... ...but a successful poem about it will not be ugly... ...because the poem will illuminate and communicate... ...the horror of your life to other people. What do you mean, the horror of our lives? Why should anything be horrible or ugly? Why can't everything be beautiful and perfect? Mrs. Romanoff, what has gotten into Pumpkin? It's pretty amazing, Ramona. I've never seen him up on his feet for so long. He doesn't eat, he just stays outside and practices. Pumpkin, honey, don't you think you've done enough for today? That must be Miss Betsy. Sit down, Pumpkin. - There, you look gorgeous. - Mrs. Romanoff, it's not Miss Betsy. It's that horrible Miss Claudia from Orange County. - I told her no, but... - Claudia, what a surprise. I brought Hansie. I thought the boys could play together while you and I have a little chat. Judy, the issue between us is about who can do more for the children. Claudia, no one cares more for those kids than I do. For 10 years, all you've cared about is beating us in the games. My God, it's a fundraiser, not the Super Bowl. Right. That's why you guys are now training at SCSU. I'm not gonna let myself get dragged into this. But don't forget, Claudia, this isn't about us. It's about our two blessings outside in the backyard. My goodness, Judy... ...what a good stander Pumpkin has become. But this is wonderful. He wants to show you. He's going to throw it. I think he's going to throw it. Stop that, Hansie! Hansie, let him throw it. Okay, Mom. He's just gonna drop it like he does every year. My gosh. For Carolyn. I want my life back, Jeanine. This is ruining my senior year. It's too distracting. It's spoiling everything. I'm quitting the Challenged Games. What a fucking relief. You're the only fucking sister who's talked to me since I quit. It's not that we're horrible people, Carolyn. You understand it makes them feel even worse... ...to come to a campus like this full of normal people. I guess I'll have to tell him, too. You should see the pain in his face. He's so hurt. He keeps trying to tell me something. Sometimes I wake up in the middle of the night... ...and I wonder what it'd be like... ...to look into his wounded soul. Cut that out, Carolyn! You're right. I can't stand it. I can't wait until tomorrow when it's all over and I quit. Pumpkin, I have to tell you something. Carolyn... ...you... ...are my... ...friend. You are beautiful... ...inside. I think we'd better practice. Carolyn... ...why does the moon change? I really don't know, Pumpkin. I'll try to find out, okay? What's troubling you, Carolyn? It's nothing, Mom. Yes, there is, dear. I can tell by the furrow in your forehead. I love you, Mother. You know me so well. Did you ever have the experience of wanting to know someone... ...but not being able to? No. Some people have this mystery about them that you can't get out of your head. Do you know what I mean? No, dear. It sounds terrible. Hi, Margaret. Are you having problems with Kent? No. There's no mystery about Kent. He just is what he is and I love him. Though I don't think that I've been the best company recently. I see. Is this person a boy? But it's not romantic or anything. I hope this mystery has nothing to do with this young man... ...being from a different culture. Chinese, Persian... ...African or worse. I mean, most mysterious. Jewish? No, Mother, it's nothing like that. I've seen a lot of marriages come to grief over a lot less. Mother, it's not romantic. I just feel the need to get to know him better. But, really, I don't want anything to do with him! Okay, fine. Is there anything you wanna tell me about him? No. No, Mother. I just wanna free myself from these feelings. I think I understand. Darling, you don't have to save the world. I'm sure, in time, there'll be another young lady he'll get involved with. He'll be fine. Thank you. You know, Mom... ...life isn't as easy as I thought. Honey... Yes, it is. Pumpkin's really made huge strides. He's become a neat eater... ...and he's always a gentleman. Look at him, he's amazingly physical. You've really done a great job with him. I guess I have. But you know that sorority mentor of his, Carolyn McDuffy? She seems to have... ...how shall I put it... ...inspired him. Don't sell yourself short, Judy. After Lou died... ...Pumpkin was all I had. Darling. I have a surprise for you, Pumpkin. This isn't a special training session. I had to fib a little with your mother. I didn't think she'd understand. To be honest, Pumpkin, you're a mystery to me. But I have the sense that with a little love... ...you could really flourish. No. Pumpkin, I have a boyfriend. You have to understand that. That doesn't mean you can't have a connection... ...with someone else who might really be simpatico. Now, now, Pumpkin. We're gonna have a lot of fun today. Carolyn, I thought we were going to the beach. We are. We're going on a double date. Kent Woodlands, I'd like you to meet my friend, Pumpkin Romanoff. Okay, I'm gonna get Pumpkin's date. I wanna talk to her a little bit first. You two chat while I'm gone. Carolyn, I just wanted to thank you for arranging this. Do you realize how long it's been since I've had a date? How do I look? You look wonderful. It's going to be great. Now, Cici, I just wanna warn you... ...that he's a bit different. He's special. He's got a deep soul like you. I think you two will understand each other right off. I hope so. I hope he likes me. I want you to be patient with him, Cici. Don't jump to conclusions. He's really very sensitive. Just look into his eyes and you'll understand. Don't worry, Carolyn. I'm just happy to have a date. Cici, you know Kent. And this is Pumpkin Romanoff. Pumpkin, I'd like you to meet my good friend, Cici Pinkus. Hi, Pumpkin. Glad to meet you. Off to the beach! "B-l-N-G-O, B-l-N-G-O "And Bingo was his name-o "There was a farmer who had a dog "And Bingo was his name-o "B-I-N-G-O" Come on, guys, join in. We're having fun. All right. If you don't like that one, how about John Jacob? "John Jacob Jingleheimer Schmidt "His name is my name, too "Whenever we go out, the people always shout "There goes John Jacob Jingleheimer Schmidt" Carolyn, did you tell Cici about Pumpkin's... ...problem? Not exactly. I didn't wanna prejudice her before she saw what a great guy he was. Don't worry, Kent. It'll all work out. I just know it will. Why don't you take all that stuff down and get us a nice place on the beach? Would you help me with the wheelchair? Chicken salad, anyone? I put curry in it. It's really good. Doesn't anyone wanna play Frisbee or badminton? Kent, why don't you set up the net? Or better yet, why don't you tell everybody... ...about the important tennis match you're going to play against Arizona State? Cici, Pumpkin... ...did you know that Kent is number one in singles? Look, I'm not a dummy. I understand what's going on here. I knew this wasn't going to be easy for any of us. And I know this isn't exactly conventional. But, Cici, you and Pumpkin... ...you'd be surprised how much you two have to talk about. Are you completely out of your mind? I'm gonna go see if she's okay. Here's the sunscreen, here are the drinks and food. I'll be right back, okay? What the hell were you thinking? You really hurt her feelings, fixing her up with him. What about his feelings? His feelings, too. Jesus, Carolyn. Sometimes I wonder how they let girls like you in SCSU. I see you all walking around, eating your yogurt. It just blows my mind. I'll have you know, I got 1,400 on my SATs. If it weren't for my sorority responsibilities, I would be on the honor roll. I'm the only one who's thinking about his feelings. Is that how you think of me, Carolyn? I think a lot of you, Cici. I loved your poem about suffering and being alone. I can't believe you're acting like this. I thought you'd understand. I understand, all right. Look, if you're not attracted to him, fine. But he's a human being with feelings. He suffers, too, and he's lonely. How would you like it if he ran away from you sobbing? You know what rejection is like. Carolyn, you're an idiot. No, Kent, you're the idiot. Didn't you tell me that God chose him to be different? Why can't we have a good time at the beach without all this hysteria? I wanna go home right now. Please take me home. Well? Look what you've done to her, Carolyn. Well, for God's sake, the least you can do is take her home! Get out, Kent. I've been thinking of what you said about girls on campus... ...eating yogurt as if we didn't have a thought in our heads. - I didn't say that. - It's what you meant. I think you should think about that and give me time to cool off. Good luck training for the big match. I'm sorry. This has been the worst day of my life. When they came to commit this morning, they were looking for you. You weren't here. We just lost our two most important rushees. That black Loquata Jefferson and that Filipina girl. This is terrible. How could I have forgotten that today is commitment day? But, Julie, it's not fair to blame it all on me. Why on earth couldn't they have handed their commitment to you... ...or Courtney or Gina or even Anne Chung? Listen to yourself, Carolyn. We are all sisters in this sorority. If one link is weak, the chain breaks. Oh, my God, I forgot him. I totally forgot. I am so sorry, I'm really sorry I'm late for my appointment. It totally slipped my mind. I don't believe a fucking word of this poem you wrote. I mean, there's no real emotion here. "Ode to Pasadena"? Read that out loud to me... ...and I challenge you to really listen to your words. "Ode to Pasadena," by Carolyn McDuffy. "Thou still and quiet town of beauty "Thou suburb of gardens and slow pace "I miss your perfect roses "I miss your proud palm trees "I miss your warbling birdies "Most of all, I yearn for the embrace "Of your gentle mothers "And the wisdom of your proud papas" It's bullshit. - It's all bullshit. - What? Life isn't like that. People are mean, they're brutal. They're unhappy, they're jealous. Good. You've made some progress. Now what on earth made this happen? Something I left on the beach. Pumpkin, forgive me. I'm ruining everything. My sorority... ...Kent, Cici... ...and worst of all, you. You don't need someone like me meddling with your life. Don't cry, Carolyn. I'm not angry. Pumpkin, you're so beautiful. How do you do it? How do you stand the pain? I've been feeling pain, Pumpkin, for the first time in my life. And now I know how it feels. It feels like everything inside me is shattered. Like a broken mirror. Like a broken mirror? That's exactly how pain feels. Like a broken mirror. You're the smartest girl that I've ever met. No one's ever said that to me. I know that the pain that I feel... ...is just a tiny fraction compared to what you must feel. But... ...it makes me feel closer to you. Do you want me to come inside and explain to your mother what happened? Let me help you in your chair. Jeanine, what's wrong with my brush? How about we choose you a really nice outfit? I was thinking that my tan jumper and my butterfly scarf... ...would really suit you. I just realized that you haven't been using my brush recently. And I found all the clothes I lent you... ...in cleaning bags in my closet yesterday. In fact, you haven't spoken a word to me all morning. Hi, Courtney. Hi, Gina. Hi, Anne Chung. Carolyn McDuffy, this is a formal announcement. The sisters voted last night to send you to Coventry. No girl in the house will speak to you again until further notice. Hopefully, the ban will end in time for our formal with Kappa House. What in the world did I do? These are the last words you'll hear from me. Pumpkin Romanoff's mother appeared at our door during supper. Carolyn McDuffy, it is improper to fraternize with the recipients of our charity. One more last word, Carolyn. Jeanine has been taken out of Coventry. When she saw what your attitude had done, she felt remorse about her own lack of spirit. She finally understood that each of us is just another link in the chain. That's the only way, Julie, that we can still win SOY. Hi, Carolyn. Poor Carolyn, ostracized by your own house. We don't think it's fair. Word has it, Carolyn... ...you went on quite a date yesterday. It's rumored you have a thing for this retarded boy. Of course, that's nothing that we would believe. If you three bitches come near me again, I'll rip your fucking heads off! Unfortunately, I have to discuss with you some administrative bullshit. Your final grades will be based 40 percent on class participation... ...30 percent on your sincere attempts at producing some acceptable poetry. Do you have a problem, Miss McDuffy? I thought poetry was supposed to be sacred. How can you grade us? You carry on like you're some kind of rebel. Yet you conform, just like the people that you find contemptible. Everyone, even you... ...is forced to conform in this fucking world. And the minute you try to do something from the heart... ...every-fucking-body beats you down. I'm sorry. I can't take any more... ...of this bullshit! I don't have a lot of time to coax you, Miss McDuffy. Thousands of students come here for counseling. Most of them are helped. It's not a big deal. You're obviously hurting... ...otherwise you wouldn't be here. It's horrible. I can't tell you. I can't. Have you been raped, date-raped... ...drugged or fondled, assaulted or sexually harassed? No. Are you having mental problems... ...such as high anxiety, depression... ...manic episodes, multiple personalities... ...or maybe even voices urging inappropriate actions on you? No. Are you having sexual feelings or fantasies... ...towards members of your own sex... ...your immediate family, your professors... ...or any non-traditional subjects? No... ...not exactly. You're not helping me very much, Miss McDuffy. I assure you that anything you say here is confidential. I'm not going to judge you. You have nothing to be afraid of. It's not exactly sexual, Dr. Cruz. It's just that I'm afraid I'm falling in love. And I don't want to. It's ruining everything. Love is not such a bad thing, is it? Yes, it is. He's mentally retarded. You say retarded. Retarded is not a medical term. - How retarded? - Retarded retarded. He's in the Challenged Games, and I'm his mentor. He has this beautiful soul. It's like my poetry teacher says: "Only people who suffer can grow into beauty." You definitely have a problem. I've been in this business for over 20 years, and... Do you have a boyfriend that's not retarded? We've been having problems. I haven't been myself. Let me suggest something to you. You are letting your compassion take over... ...to create a fog of poetic... ...romantic fantasy. You need to ground yourself in what's real. That's in your relationship with your boyfriend. The one that's not retarded. The fantasy will disappear... ...and the fog will lift. Thank you for coming, Miss McDuffy. Dr. Cruz, you don't know how badly I want my life back. - I was so happy. - Good, Carolyn. Just remember that when you indulge in these fantasies... ...you dangerously affect the object of your compassion. My God. What are you doing with your late father's magazines? Those are not for little boys. I'm not a little boy. I'm a man. You're right. You are a man now. But... How am I gonna explain this to you? You're a special man... ...which means that this kind of stimulation isn't good for you. You don't have natural restraints. My goodness, how can I make you understand? Believe me, Pumpkin, it's better this way. And you shouldn't be walking like that, Pumpkin. You'll fall. Now what are you doing? He's calling on the phone, Mrs. Romanoff. No more cleaning, Ramona. You can go home now. Information? Yes. Sorority house. AO Pi. SCSU. Carolyn McDuffy. Carolyn McDuffy. So that's what's gotten into you. What were you doing with her when she kept you out all night? Those magazines, that is not what challenged athletes think about. I know you and Carolyn didn't do anything naughty. But what happened to my Pumpkin... ...who wanted to beat Orange County so much... ...with the discus and the javelin and the shot put? I want to talk to Carolyn. Trust me, Pumpkin... ...she's not good for you. You two live in different worlds. I'm sorry, Kent. I just want everything perfect again... ...the way it was. With birdies... ...and sunshine... ...and loving sorority sisters... ...and Kent beating Arizona State... ...and Kent kisses... ...and Kent smiles... ...and Kent hugs. I wanna talk. Now? What? I think I'm having some problems with the Greek system. What do you mean, you're having problems with the Greek system? It just seems to divide people. You have the people who get in and the people who don't... ...the good fraternities and the bad fraternities... ...the good sororities and the not-so-good sororities. It just seems like a way for some people to feel better than other people. And there's no good reason for it. Especially in a public university that's paid for by taxes. Kent, do you think I'm intelligent? This is all about that guy. That Pumpkin guy.